README.md, before:

![Puzzle Pieces](./images/pexels-dmitry-demidov-3852577.jpg "Puzzle Pieces")

# Crushing Bugs / DND Puzzle
This repo is for demonstrating how to set up a project with branching

## Installation
There is no installation process required. Simply download the files to your computer.

## Usage
Open index.html in your browser of choice, then drag the puzzle pieces to the puzzle board and comeplete the puzzle. Additionally, change the puzzle themes. 

## Contributing
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History
Feburary 25th, 2024: Set Up the Document (added assets, js, images, css folders and main.css, index,html, and image files and rtf's.)

Feburary 23rd, 2024: Started plan for fixing bugs, analyzing what the bugs were and what the first bugs solution might be. 

Feburary 24th, 2024: Wrote full solution plan for Bug #1, and fixed it using a conditional statement.

Febuary 24th - 25th, 2024: Wrote full solution for Bug #2, and fixed it using a new function, query selector, loop and conditional statement. 

Febuary 25th, 2024: Reviewed functionality, updated readme. 


## Credits
Katrina MacAdams

## License
MIT - See included license file.

Commit message:

Updated Readme pt.2
Updated the read me a second time to ensure detailed description of the project and fix some typos made in the last update.

README.md, after:

![Puzzle Pieces](./images/pexels-dmitry-demidov-3852577.jpg "Puzzle Pieces")

# Crushing Bugs / DND Puzzle
This repo to identify bugs in a DND puzzle and fix them while also documenting the bugs themselves and their solutions. The puzzle itself is a DND themed puzzle that allows you to drag and drop various puzzle pieces onto the puzzle board, with the additional functionality of changing the theme. The drag and drop, and changing of theme, as well as solving the bugs all happens within JS to explore different aspects of javascript. 

## Installation
There is no installation process required. Simply download the files to your computer.

## Usage
Open index.html in your browser of choice, then drag the puzzle pieces to the puzzle board and complete the puzzle. Additionally, change the puzzle themes. 

## Contributing
1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## History
Feburary 25th, 2024: Set Up the Document (added assets, js, images, css folders and main.css, index,html, and image files and rtf's.)

Feburary 23rd, 2024: Started plan for fixing bugs, analyzing what the bugs were and what the first bugs solution might be. 

Feburary 24th, 2024: Wrote full solution plan for Bug #1, and fixed it using a conditional statement.

Febuary 24th - 25th, 2024: Wrote full solution for Bug #2, and fixed it using a new function, query selector, loop and conditional statement. 

Febuary 25th - February 26th, 2024: Reviewed functionality, updated readme. 


## Credits
Katrina MacAdams

## License
MIT - See included license file.
